>“Uncomplicated, vendor neutral, interoperable messaging platform. Works on all devices. Online. Offline.“

soft talk is a programmable, api first messaging platform for digital organizations. Soft talk allows mobile network operators to provide Rich Content Messaging (RCM) services to their subscribers.

Built in interoperability ensures that soft talk platform is compatible with vendor deployments across the world. A uniform standardized core is supported by a flexible, programmable front end to allow each operator create while label, differentiated services to delight their customers.

soft talk’s support for presence, contact list, messaging, file transfer, gaming, content syndication and encryption allows it to be used in all kinds of industries.

soft talk’s not just a general messaging application for consumers but can be used in an enterprise setting for business communication as well.

**Features**

Integrated presence, address book and messaging features. Including store and forward. Content syndication, multi user chat and multimedia.
Decentralized but interoperable. Multiple soft talk machines may be deployed to distribute the load while at the same time remaining connected to the core of the service provider. The built in interoperability means that it can work across geographic regions, vendors and devices. So your subscribers will never feel left out of the loop.
Flexible. It can be used for general purpose messaging. Rich Content Messaging (RCM)support allows multimedia, file transfers, gaming and even social networking features. soft talk’s messaging technology can evolve into any form of communication demanded by the consumers and businesses alike. soft talk gives network operators ability to support personalized use cases.
Secure. soft talk can be used even for highly sensitive financial transactions. soft talk identifies users. It also has the capability to identify devices for use cases that require secure machine to machine transactions. It allows self registration of new subscribers but it can also support an administrator approval based workflow.
Standardized. Works over IP protocol suite. Compatible with IPV6. Understands HTTP. Although you will rarely feel the need, the protocol can be extended to support even more features.
The soft talk platform can be deployed on pre-configured machines in data centers. soft talk supports multiple machine architectures. arm,x86, risc etc. in case you need we also provide dedicated machines and soft talk servers to deploy on premise. All machines run high speed ssds and high volume hdd drives. They come with multi core processors to support high velocity communications between subscribers. Built in gigabit Ethernet and wifi cards allow the machines to communicate with each other either in a data center environment or as stand alone compute units deployed at client locations.

soft talk infuses new energy into the default messaging infrastructure. It gets rid of all the things holding mobile messaging back. No character limits. Free content sharing. Support for business communication and machine to machine messaging. soft talk is a future proof, stable messaging platform that just works.

workrockin@gmail.com
